Add osu!taiko `drumrolls` (#14560)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object/Drumroll/en.md

---
tags:
  - hit objects
---

# Drumroll

> ![](img/taiko_drumroll.png "Drumroll, with the judgement circle on the left side")

Author: ```suggestion
![Drumroll, with the judgement circle on the left side](img/taiko_drumroll.png "Drumroll, with the judgement circle on the left side")
```

> **Drumrolls** are [hit objects](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object) in [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko) [beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmap). They appear as yellow horizontal bars and move from right to left on the conveyer belt. The user is required to hit either part of the drum for each white tick found inside the drumroll once they are above the white **judgement circle**.

Reviewer: only the main words being defined should be bolded

```suggestion
**Drumrolls** are [hit objects](/wiki/Gameplay/Hit_object) in [osu!taiko](/wiki/Game_mode/osu!taiko) [beatmaps](/wiki/Beatmap). They appear as yellow horizontal bars and move from right to left on the conveyor belt. The player is required to hit either part of the drum for each white tick found inside the drumroll once they are on the white *judgement circle* to the right of the drum.
```

## Judgement

Hitting drumrolls correctly will not refill the [health bar](/wiki/Gameplay/Health). When missed, drumrolls reward no score.

> Each successful hit on the white ticks gives a static 300 score and adds to the `DRUM TICK` judgement.

Reviewer: the 300 is only relevant for stable (if it's correct, haven't checked). in lazer, they only give 10 points

```suggestion
Each successful hit on the white ticks gives a static 300 bonus score.
```

> Each successful hit on the white ticks gives a static 300 bonus score.

Author: ```suggestion
Each successful hit on the white ticks gives a static 300 bonus score. Big drumrolls work the same as the regular ones, but each tick awards a static 720 bonus score instead.
```

## Trivia

> - In [Taiko no Tatsujin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiko_no_Tatsujin), drumrolls require the player to hit the drum as fast as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In [Taiko no Tatsujin](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Taiko_no_Tatsujin), drumrolls require the player to hit the drum as fast as possible instead of every [1/4 tick](/wiki/Client/Beatmap_editor/Beat_snap_divisor).
```
